Question: Give a Desription kidneys.
QuestionID: 1
Answer: Bean Shaped, Symetrical Orgran located Above All Other Urinary Orgrains
Wrong Answer 1: Long Tube that runns from the Ureter to the Bladder, medial
Wrong Answer 2: A chewing muscle dorsal to the masseater located on the side of the skull
Wrong Answer 3: The most prominent muscle on the lateral surface of the face, large and rounded. The primary chewing muscle. Extends from the zygomatic bone to the lateral surface of the mandible.

Question: Give a Description of the Renal Artery and Renal Vein?
QuestionID: 2
Answer: Main Artery and Vein thats inbetween both kidenys the kidney)
Wrong Answer 1: a Tube that connects the bladder to the genitals for the removeal of urine from the body
Wrong Answer 2: the organ that collects urine excreted by the kidneys before disposal b urination. A hollow muscular, and elastic organ.
Wrong Answer 3: pull the sternohyoid muscles to the side and you will see a tube with circular rings.

Question: Give a description of the urethra
QuestionID: 3
Answer: a tube that connects the urinary bladder to the genitals for the removal of urine from the body. In males travels from urinary bladder through penis
Wrong Answer 1: tubes that propel urine from the kidneys to the urinary bladder
Wrong Answer 2: Two bands of muscle tissue that run along the mid-ventral line in a posterior
Wrong Answer 3: he most prominent muscle on the lateral surface of the face, large and rounded. The primary chewing muscle. Extends from the zygomatic bone to the lateral surface of the mandible.

Question: Give a description of the bladder?
QuestionID: 4
Answer: the organ the ureter connects to, As well as looking flabby and deflated   
Wrong Answer 1: bean-shaped organs essential to the urinary system. They serve the body as a natur filter of the blood
Wrong Answer 2: a tube that connects the urinary bladder to the genitals for the removal of urine from the body.
Wrong Answer 3: The male gonads, symetical and a round and are found far down on the animals body

Question: Give a description of the urethra?
QuestionID: 5
Answer: the tube that connects the bladder to the genitals for removal of urine    
Wrong Answer 1: tubes that propel urine from the kidneys to the urinary bladder
Wrong Answer 2: pull the sternohyoid muscles to the side and you will see a tube with circular rings.
Wrong Answer 3: The male gonads, symetical and a round and are found far down on the animals body

Question: Give a description of the testes?
QuestionID: 6
Answer: The are a symetical organ located below the penis 
Wrong Answer 1: a cord like structure formed in males, this tube runs to each testicle
Wrong Answer 2: a tube that is used for sexual reporoduction and waste disposol
Wrong Answer 3: a walnut sized gland located bwteen the bladder and the penis. 

Question: Give a description of the spermatic cord
QuestionID: 7
Answer: a cord like structure formed in males, this tube runs to each testicle
Wrong Answer 1: a tube that connects the urinary bladder to the genitals for the removal of urine from the body.
Wrong Answer 2: tubes that propel urine from the kidneys to the urinary bladder
Wrong Answer 3: The male gonads, symetical and a round and are found far down on the animals body

Question: describe the location of the prostate gland 
QuestionID: 8
Answer: a walnut sized gland located bwteen the bladder and the penis.
Wrong Answer 1: The male gonads, symetical and a round and are found far down on the animals body
Wrong Answer 2: the organ that collects urine excreted by the kidneys before disposal b urination. A hollow muscular, and elastic organ.
Wrong Answer 3: he most prominent muscle on the lateral surface of the face, large and rounded. The primary chewing muscle. Extends from the zygomatic bone to the lateral surface of the mandible.

